0	They are seeing that asshole bring a Spanglish well and still require me to change my hahahaha by hahaha
0	Nothing like talking to Angel and show my fluency in "Spanglish"
0	HELLO! HOLA! SPANGLISH! hahaha PERU MISS YOU A LOT!! WHEN YOU CAN COME HERE WE WILL BE WAITING YOU, OKAY? DONT WORRY! bye
0	Go to PR, they speak like your RT Extrao managear and throwing insults at the umpires Spanglish
0	Extrao managear and throwing insults at the umpires Spanglish
0	Tongo compose a song for young pulpines Spanglish Hit me please!
0	por que ahora?  yep guys the Spanglish is back , I'm used to bc I speak Spanglish and sometimes Spanish with my mum hahaha
0	I went to a meeting in English and do not understand you notes q tom I am a Spanglish
0	it's already better than when I speak Spanglish without exprs but good philosophy go rviser story yet
0	I see Spanglish as millonesisisisima once just realized I'm not bilingual, who only pretend accent
0	D haha ​​what is beautiful too is not horrible PD me and my Spanglish lol xD !!!
0	I wish my cause havoc Spanglish also
0	I could never date someone who speaks just Spanish  I'd be speaking Spanglish the entire time and making up words all the time
0	Spanglish strange to talk to you, it was so funny
0	Now Skype can translate for us, making my Spanglish redundant  via
0	Such as jajjjj !! Spanglish nothing better Lies
0	i hate that my parents make fun of my spanish because i can't speak it correctly so i tend to talk in Spanglish
0	My God, I can not paste the accent or the Mexican Spanglish
0	And Spanglish is part of m, can not help
0	WHAT THE HELL I and my Spanglish morning FINISHES THE YEAR! ME DO NOT GO 2015 im afraid
0	Ajajaja a special Spanglish always mix words, but I can not remember
0	Sorry guys , I had to hear Spanglish for 6 hours
0	Bacm ne diyon? Spanglish'in de bir snr vard  Sofia Reyes  Muevelo ft  Wisin Official Music Video
0	My bad habit of speaking Spanglish
0	I laugh in 'Spanglish' ok k bye
0	since leaving brides is not the same Y
0	OMG i can not sleep can not sleep
0	We started with this, demonstrating our Spanglish Europeison
0	I have serious problems with my Spanglish
0	ms ruiz would be so mad about how I talk Spanglish  lmao
0	If you or nah? Aaah Spanglish Heredia jajajaa not known '
0	An online short course need to stop talking like a fool Spanglish
0	Gracias amigo You see the Spanglish has not served me well I could not have ten !!!!!!!!!
0	welcome to mine too haha ​​Spanglish, do not make fun of my mariqueras
0	My zumba instructor finally played Daddy Yankee's Limbo, but the Spanglish version
0	Use CheloFerullo Spanglish is for Losers
0	But that eh! Taba practicing Spanglish
0	But I'd better not speak Spanglish escribis
0	Que risa leerlo en spanglish x RT El sol is not playing cars
0	un spanglish horrible  jajajajaj let's hang out!  hangear
0	Aquien does not like the Spanglish?
0	REALLY? aiiii I speak Spanglish matooo Because?!?! hahaha
0	I Honestly dont speak proper english  ughh i speak spanglish
0	miss you too  I'm pumped  I have noone to act stupid with  O's no fun, I even speak spanglish to him he don't even giggle
0	Brand flashback was in an Urban Sound in my last tweet! Hahahaha Spanglish everything q da! Jaja q memories!
0	and my saludoos? the temadehoyes Spanglish Total 878 187 Viewers, 5009
0	Manda 900 huevis my tweet has been to complain of puntes in Spanglish kepa
0	That's not muca is Linda 3 haha ​​I like the lyrics and MTCH ''ll find new sis that is Spanglish
0	is my bff although I do not want nothing speaks Spanglish?
0	ahahhaha I like to talk spanglish xD   Si estar en cama it would be awesome!
0	And it's not a perfect English, is Spanglish
0	chocalas bueh, you have to twitearle Spanglish? okay no
0	Estoy cantando like it or not  en spanglish jajaja
0	It is not, but I like the combination of me and bored
0	My Spanglish Mtenme each you use please lol
0	Very cool custom clothing shop in closes by next week and goes online only
0	know that without you I am a loser even in Spanglish
0	good night girl and boy who do not know it's Spanglish sleep well until morning, and I regaaron jaj
0	Although accustomed to speak Spanglish ests are a wanker and x disgrace and shame to us and our country
0	well deffanetly catch up during spanglish
0	Hahaha what s, Enseame No? S only speak Spanglish
0	Oh yes as white Lokisbe it is bilingual mocks my Spanglish perfetc
0	dang it we just pigged out at giraffas! next time tell me w time casi no como! En Jpyyyyyy!!
0	Special says what a Spanglish hahaha, was the self-correcting
0	The truth is that cost me write Spanglish version
0	no idea but I think last year they were not
0	But they began dating in 2013 Double, I'm supposed to or ended?
0	Hahaha !! Stalker be Jesse is hard work, because it has no social networks is anti-technological 'v
0	right now I'm about to leave
0	JAJAJAJAJA NO Not even going to go
0	I speak Spanglish and sheath but not the same
0	you're so much I miss Sweeeeeeeet are vacation and I'm still procrastinating hehe ps love Spanglish
0	Apple needs to make a Spanglish keyboard Bc I hate switching from English to Spanish every other word
0	Give me that laughter memes Spanglish jskaksk
0	The Spanglish I frame, still did not exceed be talking in Spanish every day
0	all the drink and pale white polo shirt ree typical loose AYYY LOVE HIM but an ace, as presented first to Kira, is difficult
0	As much as I hate to say this is a new song called Spanglish Reik Do not listen for God's sake
0	S, the version of Presuntos Implicados is Spanglish, but the whole world thought that
0	What fart with Spanglish version of Picky? I'm taken Wave
0	I can not talk to someone who does not know English, I speak Spanglish hahaha
0	To me what keep me away is that it has the same Spanglish that AoS
0	Mensa people running through peripherals when the side have the damn bridge people
0	one mam below the bench with his nia of the side where the cars pass Victor Hugo Espinoza Gran da Garca
0	I think they all go at different times
0	por  theres no Spanglish autocorrect to read my mind
0	Skype or WhatsApp someone? I'm aburridisimaa and bat ay record in COD JAJAJA
0	Gives him happy mother said to my grandmother and said, "Oh fuck no Mija every day are equal" HAHAHA SO SHE AM
0	FA in that hotel are going to be tomorrow isdgkas not to go
0	Then not change my icon THANK AH
0	YOU MORE!!! I wish I Ball
0	ie I do too, there are things that are best understood in Spanglish or words as they say in Spanish
0	JAJAJA good but I have to look for more people
0	jajaa well, I have dao that drawing bad anyway, apart from that all good
0	See how bad it is Spanglish? Do not do it
0	To me you fuck me when I speak Spanglish puteadas Discriminacion
0	Spanglish so dominate the world and learning can go majo xd No shored
0	We do not want to move JaredAllard1 failed
0	I dont want to use the mic infront of people n have no idea how 2 change the keyboard to Spanish  il carry on textin spanglish
0	It is not enough for me Spanglish as I speak in guasonglish
0	Logeate before if you want to score in this game!
0	estoy toda moreteada but it was worth it
0	Jenny "I think I want to be a teacher of Spanish" Edward "You know neither Spanish!" Jenny Awww I speak Spanglish okay "
0	Why I am I not speak Spanglish Dominicano and super-sexy?
0	I laugh people who speak Spanglish, Mia Astral is a
0	That bitch reading Spanglish me Traum
0	u still owe us Tonight spanglish version
0	Jajajajajajaja is that I did not understand your Spanglish
0	PIBES LENDOS AND RICKY because you like men? Ricky Martin Come With Me Spanglish Version will
0	RT Only know you love her when you let her comerse el ultimo pedazo de tu pizza
0	I try to speak Spanish and I get French Spanglish
0	I'm always saying mi amor  I used to know Spanish fairly well but I've lost it  My Spanglish shows sometimes
0	I was just speaking Spanglish to a burrito as I devoured it
0	He was the main reason I watched too Just found out Was hoping it was a bad joke He was so real no b s Sad day
0	My Spanglish tender ending algn da lol
0	Daughter in English or Spanish !!! Spanglish noooo !!!
0	I cant speak Spanglish  Sounds more like cowEnglish ew ew ew
0	I speak Spanglish  but I'm at lafa lol
0	I'm fine! I hope I'm going back soon to see my chicass and i miss our Spanglish! I quieroooo my guiriii
0	Although no subtitles'm bilingual in Spanglish, but both did not come
0	"Lapatilla Sofa Vergara is left again without Emmy" It is not fair win Debio who speaks the worst Spanglish
0	I throw a pas to a Spanglish because I was talking to Charlotte and respondindote Mala ma, lol
0	RT shell Hooker my tone to speak Spanish is changing and now I speak Spanglish D Kill me! Gringo bad, bad Mexican
0	omg!! So close and so far  but Im dying to hear a spanglish song!!!
0	The story of my life the first years "LishugMedina This course already has me crazy, now all say in Spanglish jajajajajaajajja"
0	Spanglish isn't that popping anymore since Ryan left
0	I am a fail when when I'm into someone
0	My mom gets mad cause I can't speak Spanish good  I talk Spanglish to her
0	Jaja not speak Spanglish then that flavor?
0	I do not know yet! Hahaha loli he was not in high school
0	I see Spanglish bent and horrible heard this very ugly
0	wuooo few comments, let me see man jeje because you looking "the woman"not the fuckingfriend i'm sorry for my spanglish
0	My cel can not see I write in Spanglish? He always wants to correct me
0	Solo queda una tortilla  But its ok  Wheelchair
0	the spanglish version of The Way was playing at work today and i was happy and trying to sing it but i couldnt bc i dont do spanish well
0	Almost all those who look with a shirt of any "call center" will be speaking Spanglish
0	Spanglish na yung I read The Way by Ariana Grande I noticed
0	I want you to pick a single song in English just pq party Spanglish is very good
0	Super tired of fuckin 'school
0	Like I have a choice of New Zealand, to Spanglish but do not have my Ph.D.
0	That kind of head pain! Goodnight !!!
0	Ep has no more than 8 cancines, so that the apparently this will contain no Spanglish versions
0	lol this is the shit to pro !!! Oe sii few years we have not seen each other ?? longer necessary
0	I die in college Until 820pm
0	I you missed in English, you have no one to brag my Spanglish
0	Thank you very much D is to see and greet the step, which the MISS
0	You just trastonas my mente when you speak spanglish  I leo everything with the correspondiente accent
0	Rapearlas of the verb in Spanglish violate these lolis but it was not the correct procedure to save them
0	I can tweet in Spanish  English or Spanglish that is a mix between Espaol and Ingles  That's fantastico  I know, I'm crazy
0	OH NO! Abraham Mateo cantando What makes you beautiful en spanglish
0	making him one or "skip" or contribute to the mistranslation and Spanglish
0	hours of television and no happy ending Off to bed
0	DD speaking Spanglish cracked me up  And I have no clue what BBT means?! But I was so upset at the end of this epi! Poor Hank
0	Watching Spanglish  I better go to sleep its 230am
0	Hahaha xd Spanglish and if room but like 2 hours nomas
0	I HAHAHAHAHA already have mastered the regio and tampiqueo with Spanglish and also focus on montpelleriano francs which says Oue instead of oui
0	reporting in pure Spanglish now  copy editing clearly a dying art   World Cup 2018 Media brand Spain 'stupid' and 'negligent'
0	Jajaj too, they are set to see series in English and you come here with your Spanglish
0	coo hand, Lanc me ah Spanglish
0	does not like me and said strawberry
0	It is necessary to make the announcement in Spanglish?
0	Spanglish is, the songs are in Spanish, I've seen 4 times and today I saw her in Spanish and normal, it's the same
0	bitch this is literally my favorite album in the entire world  honeymoon ave is my fav but I love youll never know and the way spanglish ver
0	And meanwhile I almost 21 Struggling with the race and with dems also tbh, no job, read fics before bedtime is the best part of the day and studying 3 languages ​​without speaking really none but that's okay because Spanglish I give dpm
0	I liked what little I listened, but more I like the fact that it is Spanglish bad thing stopped me on twitter follow
0	Usually when I talk on messenger, I get the Spanglish, but I realize and delete, why am I look pendeja, You know
0	Today, 2 women in the the produce market were speaking Spanglish to one another  I love Spanglish because as my Spanish is very poor, I can learn a lot from many contextual clues  Told them I Spanglish, for the above reason  They laughed and said not everyone does
0	The work is speaking Spanglish me too, I hate
0	Hahahaha Ridiculo, Castilian, English, French and Catalan IF A LANGUAGE if we add Spanglish, the combination of Catalan and Castilian castalan ALSO CHILEAN that's an achievement
0	I can not avoid writing Spanglish Justin
0	lol well Spanglish is my fault for not being bilingual
0	I love my cousin from here because he speaks Spanglish and is too cute and I want to take ecu I cry
0	Now whenever I speak Spanglish nico q what goes through my head is the tweet of danitza
0	Its hard for me to have meaningful conversations my mama sometimes because my Spanish sucks  sometimes theres things I wanna tell her but it just ends up being Spanglish and then I get frustrated at myself for not being able to say things so I just say nvm
0	I hate both Spanglish and is already beating me
0	strictly english or spanglish i cant do full on spanish novelas  they over dramatic
0	Spanish is my first language  then I learned English but now I use spanglish
0	Strange use my Spanglish with someone in the room
0	BICHSJJS imagine talking Spanglish with Eric  my whole entire heart y'all
0	pq am so Spanglish and I forget the French!
0	Inertia but then I realized the good Spanglish vo gave me life
0	I will lower my QA this month by the fucking Spanglish
0	Constantly having to speak Spanglish sucks cuz I only know certain words in EnglishSpanish  i'm not always talking w someone who knows both languages so I just sound dum
0	I really like the Spanglish version little crazy, dnde the sack?!?!?!?
0	I stumble a lot with certain words and end up using Spanglish
0	not speak Spanglish that confused me
0	Q someone please tell me if I talk a lot Spanglish
0	I just called to speak Spanglish hipster
0	When a thought does not let you enjoy
0	I speak Spanish in English answer, answer you speak english in Spanish, pocho, Spanglish! And at this time do not even know what I say
0	Shame to listen to Mrs. President Cristina F Speaking in English or Spanglish? ??? Think in South America we are all as
0	gawd! i talk shit about how ghetto spanish are with spanglish like "carpeta" and i just did that with one word and came out sooo natural
0	I realized that one million of people use I thought I had invented it with !!!
0	juerte hugs him while the two sing in Spanglish
0	Spanglish Quin writes here? Nobody? okay
0	Lol my Spanish sucks luckily my foreign granny understands my Spanglish  She laughs at me
0	que paso? actually just texted me i'm sure everyone annoyed of us blowing up their TL in spanglish
0	ya like my spanglish  no ? okay
0	Every time I try to speak French it comes out as Spanglish
0	I love talking with my Spanglish Mery, jajajaj because I understand
0	I stood asleep and I did not see the end of Spanglish
0	I love spanglish xxxx but I speak it way to much
0	S not that I saw again Spanglish
0	I've never seen complete Rt "Spanglish nEach arandamelissa24 time I see q see her giving on tv I love"
0	RT if you really hate the end of Spanglish They should stay together
0	My Ingls is becoming more Spanglish
0	Im Sick say a word in English, one in Spanish, Spanglish already, well not u u'm only enefermo
0	Hahaha no ! p already and I love buuuu! Should learn Spanglish p
0	Speak Spanglish as usual, extraar to my daughters when estn in Russia no longer will have to quin "spanglishear" as often
0	Spanglish lol Nah, this year will not take "much" wine or drinks like last year!
0	If you do not tell me about my Spanglish, David Guetta "After the rain" I do not give me hahaha account
0	Lucky you, my last text from a wrong number was a death threat in Spanglish
0	oh my love right now between college is almost impossible that can go u know I speak Spanglish now
0	i dont want to! Hoy se me salio lo spanglish! ' i dont want to babe  son 22 para cada una S
0	I want to see "Under our system of geolocation, you are in Spain" Eye! in Spain Spanglish everywhere
0	When you'll have wa again? With Yu yu want to talk Puder ol dei Ole my Spanglish
0	Deadlines have to write 2 articles in 10 Spanglish and organize a proposal to get a spaceship builtit's Saturday night, so not cool
0	It makes no sense Spanglish folded the Spanish like this right now in Universal Ch
0	I beat the lady already freake
0	no saba que you didn't like it  that's so triste   o es spanglish como el verbo unfollowear??
0	I hit nuuuu syndrome "navia duck" and I'm writing in Spanglish
0	Why do you think I'm atorranta? AEse spanglish me mata xD Because you are y darling! P
0	Good morning today woke up with a sore tooth ugly but getting everything ready for the super trip of tumorrow I love Spanglish
0	I sleep but I can not even i do not have to go to school today! JAJ more Spanglish what mo!
0	Estudio espanol  hmmm more like spanglish
0	intention is to c or s? Ugh Spanglish me bad
0	LoL NEVER THAT  RT I told u bout ya nasty mouth ,english and spanglish ,either way u being a bad girl
0	No no no I can't be working today Para acabarla de chingar tienen el ac on WTF! Ai stupid spanglish Kijiji xP 'S
0	I have nada to say  Like the spanglish?
0	Spanglish! Haha RT No s   We stuck with pisco sour  Bad idea
0	Por k me siento tan mal!!! Omg was wrong with me  Sad  triste   I'm a Spanglish chick lol  still sad
0	Spanglish is happening again, but this time in English if I want to see it but I will be late
0	oh great, thanks for the spoiler! Now I can switch it off  RT I wish they would end up together but they don't
0	pobrecito s friend haha ​​and write in Spanglish, but also well chido XD
0	I just had to explain what the giant pile of weave tracks was to the electrician in Spanglish
0	Your pardon me write in Spanish and Spanglish XD if D
0	oh i watched CSI NY  MIAMI tadi  also Spanglish again  also my boyf is missing  he's under the 'influence'  which i HATE
0	now get her on twitter! My spanish is getting all screwed up  I guess I speak a lot more spanglish than spanish these days
0	I'm in sociology right now and the girl is speaking Spanglish with a Mexican accent  You have it down perfect  She blows
0	I wanna take a nap but the teachers lounge is having dirty talk in Spanglish
0	Qchacha rid of us you say it! S pa Aqien will be? oh Spanglish? ss voooy
0	i need to practice my english  What's cooler? Tweeting in english or spanish or just spanglish ?
0	Ouch, I pinched my finger  now I have sangre molida
0	Inevitably read the tweets of Spanglish with Colombian accent
0	tan grande dios mio haha! Just ate mcdonalds  Its not the same taste  I didn't like it at all  Spanglish time btw lol!
0	he de, msen dlu, BWT em0si wrote Mahal de, bs dpke tket pp bndungpadang was hahaa
0	I'm speaking spanglish to the lady at vons, my spanish is terrible  lol
0	Lol Bebo just changed the channel to Role Models  but now he's knocked out  Back to Spanglish!!
0	i need someone to talk and practice my spanglish haha
0	I use a lot Spanglish sorry
0	S was ac he were advising who are going Spanglish in 504
0	que divertido! I like the idea of spanglish, but i can never pull it off  i'm too white
0	This correction does not understand Spanglish
0	Sometimes you want to sleep in the middle of a party to feel how fucking sad is accompanied That and the Spanglish? Me!
0	Taxi Spanglish Version Pitbull, Lil Jon, Osmani Garcia "La Voz" SOMEBODY HELP
0	tuister seems not speak Spanglish
0	why don't you tweet me in Spanglish too
0	i can read it and understand it perfectly  stop not giving me free college money because i speak spanglish
0	lol I thought I was gerastically  speaking spanglish sucks
0	Nick Cave avoiding Spain in the tour as if he knew and I are here to sing his lyrics in Spanglish
0	Spanglish and loses seriously the matter of truth
0	Again, mixing Spanglish
0	PLEASE HELP! my project is about to expire  Support Spanglish club!!  via
0	Spanglish ugh I wish I was there
0	Hahahahaha wua speak Spanglish breast is pure shit
0	I can speak English but I have much to learn yet, but if I write in English or Spanglish not angry
0	I'm not sure I like Spanglish songs Reik
0	I'm sorry to hear that we all miss you and we could not wait to see you! Spanglish
0	Can't believe 2004 is already over  movie of the year Spanglish
0	How terrible it is bent to the Spanish Spanglish point is that the noticeable difference between the two languages ​​not?
0	mine too, and I can not believe estarn Girls in Brazil AGAIN! sorry My Spanglish
0	to be able to talk spanglish
0	hahaha speak Spanglish and say uca and uco do not tell me twice hahaha miss you Menito d
0	Cry  ask for a hug because I'm so stressed with everything  Reality Stare in disbelief  stutter like an idiot in Spanglish
0	Fifth Harmony "Impossible Spanglish"  Live Week 7 Semifinal  The X    better days for their voices
0	Jajajajaa that humilladera then shame on Spanglish
0	I love talking to people in Spanish or even Spanglish  Too bad most my friends don't speak Spanish
0	hears that Spanglish is used as one of the official languages ​​in use
0	I do not just think you were not excited by ahr not know I wanted to throw me a tenth floor
0	LITERALLY I AM CRYING not JSJAJAA WAS you were moved to the meet and I re excited and your well of "you're"
0	Extrao sing songs in Spanglish my babies
0	Doctor enters an English speaking Spanglish ptica Optmetra You see something Sir? AV Alex Crickets not see mp3
0	jajajajaja I love the spanglish menso, I love you so much, I hope see you next year because a want a hug
0	When using Spanglish and I do not understand I get sad
0	I went out to the Spanglish dursimo pia Give me a Jarritos for my lunch
0	Who know English or know Spanish, how can we talk about?   It is very sad, I think that spanglish could be an option, lol
0	In the self-correcting does not like me change my Spanglish "datear" by "kicking"
0	LIME customers may say adios to Spanglish at customer care   va
0	Among the "living Daz" the psame x Herclito death and the proposed tribute in the House to Ti Tan to boost the "Spanglish"
0	Spanglish is a really good movie   at first i liked the maids daughter she was so humble  at the end she becomes a selfish twat
0	I do not speak Spanglish tell me what in Spanish before but to be honest
0	Deca for Spanglish come come see
0	Spanglish, citing his trip guys do not mean
0	If you speak Spanish fluently you are one lucky duck  I wish I was fluent at it but I mostly speak Spanglish cause I'm stupid
0	me too  why do we speak en spanglish?
0	for nothing, for m the list had been largusima but had to choose Spanglish pasin
0	I just finished watching Spanglish on Netflix and it made me cry
0	sometimes we will inadvertently in my defense I am ridiculous Spanglish ftw
0	Spanish teachers Spanglish will not be tolerated!  Spanish teachers will you hand me that libro por favor?
0	ms Spanglish understand that the Argentine valiendomadre
0	My Spanglish is because of the univ and professor of HPP
0	Abraham Mateo look with Spanglish, excuse me
0	My problem with the material is in English classes is not understanding, but in Spanglish notes when studying
0	the people in the room next to me are having a heated fight and just threw something against my wall  i wish i was fluent in Spanglish
0	i don't speak french  I speak spanglish
0	Spanglish is very sticky one nor has given
0	Nor because I get to speak Spanglish the amount of Chinese speakers
0	I io no zoy Gatho? These people who have a rare picture of me lol Alto Spanglish
0	Eddy is making fun of me cause I speak Spanglish  not just Spanish
0	I've done to deserve these people playing in the subway churretosa aflamencada Spanglish version of Stand By Me
0	While my love is in London with jet Spanglish
0	You live SIDE OF A CEMETERY? I and my Spanglish is a song
0	My Spanglish everything that gives
0	my dads in the same situation  hes nearing 60 and has health issues and he speaks spanglish but i hate seeing the way he gets treated sometimes  it makes me so angry  people take advantage and my dads too nice to ever stick up for himself
0	I see the pictures of Spanglish in Miami and my heart Chiquito ago
0	This country is driving me tremendous Spanglish The worst thing is that I get from nothing
0	Extraar their beautiful photos in the tl but can not stand the intensity in Spanglish
0	Spanglish meodio use much because then I forget a little tidbits in Spanish Spanish guy in there that word I feel like people think I'm mamn or creed
0	s no longer feel Englishman who no longer formulate sentences, and speak Spanglish lol with my friends does not help
0	Se vuelve loca Spanglish version will never live up to the of version im sad bc cnco will probably play the Spanglish version in the London show
0	I know right? Perdname por ser mamon Spanglish
0	de veras que si  it's difficult bc my siblings and i already lean heavily on english to communicate so family conversations always end up being un enredo de spanglish lol i think telling them fam stories and getting them to understand that connection will help, ty amor
0	both my parents speak spanish it's also their native language but i can barely say a complete sentence in spanish  it's mostly spanglish  i feel bad
0	not at all heavy, what dicessss aaay thank you very much, I love talking to you and speak in Spanglish jajajdhdj
0	I think I Have to stop with Spanglish
0	need someone who can speak Spanglish with me
0	I dont want approval, my english really sucks Por eso mis tweets estan en Spanglish
0	I just remembered that Camila speaks Spanglish when she's nervous, that's so cute
0	q is menso bn ask not talk to Spanglish Q Q NOT KNOW THERE ARE PLACES WHERE MEXICO AS SPOKEN !!!!! ??????!? It is the heritage of border
0	Likert to be added to a GC bts be active memes lovers send zi k zi Spanglish is Good not let the GC die
0	My Twitter it's all in Spanglish
0	Spanglish but forgiveness is that if you did not come out the joke ajsjajs YA BSALO ARISTEMO
0	I still do not get used as that for the moment no fun
0	this old lady who was speaking to me in 100 spanglish is so sad i was called before her but she signed in first she told the nurse her full name and story when i was called  i love u maria
0	After so many years of writing Spanglish feel that my Spanish is limited
0	Im sorry for only calling you neysha, dunno why I thought your handle was in spanglish and thought it was like The Neysha  Sorry
0	I feel this I was born and raised in Canada with a white father but i made to effort to learn spanish to speak with my family not to be judged for my accent or spanglish
0	Today I spoke in Spanglish as if I had been deported
0	i speak spanglish cause spanish is difficult
0	omg this Spanglish TEA shocked me but i feel like people lost the excitement by teasing Been liams album yet gets nothing and that people will start to overwhelm and good
0	They believe that the US tour, the boys will sing "go crazy" Spanglish version? SO I WANT TO WITNESS, anque not know me Porqu s not much english lol
0	people are SO rude!!! knowing two languages is hard sometimes and I also fall into Spanglish often but its okay cause making mistakes doesnt negate my identity as a latina and you too!!!
0	My Spanglish taba with compulsive and already I realized too late hahhah
0	Not living with has really taken a toll on my spanish I have no one to practice my spanish spanglish with anymore
0	Well, the next year studying at Salamanca uwu Normal is, focus only on national news and some other international, after we know nothing about anything from the situation of other countries Oh, I love your Spanglish
0	Exactly Sometimes I have to force my brain to interact with Spanglish ellxs
0	it makes me so sad that in the spanglish version of Ride, Somo sounds so gringo
0	I need to chill with my Spanglish
0	I have no friends pq still speaking Spanglish and tired of people
0	Write in Spanglish because as my class and me as after the aprend
0	I like the Spanglish of Mendoza
0	Spanglish hated before and now my mind only that articulates
0	Sometimes I feel clumsy and 'chancre using both Spanglish But UNCONSCIOUS
0	The battle against the abominable Spanglish is another lost cause
0	Caracas Chronicles editors also discussed on Twitter using Spanglish
0	I've been speaking my lor broken spanglish to this little boy for like two weeks  Found out this morning he's Arab
0	I can do the basics but I'm mostly understanding it but gotta Spanglish my way through it
0	awwwloving her spanglishhah i want one too everything goes to my daughter and i have no money
0	A Karin must speak as in Spanglish
0	SAME always happens I'll say something that Dobby and ended Realizing that Spanglish is dead ah
0	Spanglish is sorry for not rulers rulers
0	I need to work on my Spanish  My tia's are gonna hate me with my Spanglish
0	95 of which I have left me read this semester is in English and when I want to write serious things is I get Spanglish
0	you should have used spanglish to make it a bit obvious, i rate the joke 510 psh
0	Border bad I can not remove Spanglish
0	Lead us to a Spanglish Apparently there is a Darth Vader there and I want
0	When I text my Spanglish comes out
0	yeah my english is no good  but its something I LEARNED ALONE OK??? DJCSFNM but yeah im 1000000000 best in spanglish
0	Need more followers to peel my shit in Spanglish and make me feel less alone, pls
0	Sorry for the spanglish its just im UPSET cause dude they keep treating Cas like lmao who dat aND it shouldnt be like that
0	"Zohan" is my favorite movie i watch it over  over again  im still laughing ! Spanglish was great too but i didn't like the end  anyway
0	Friends, how do you for my Inglés not sound like Spanglish?
0	Spanglish with Mate Club World Lingo today was really prefer my ROTATION TABLES, UNDERSTAND THAT I AM ANTI
0	I wish I could speak every single day in spanglish
0	Ahi mixing Spanglish and all fishing?
0	I use MS Spanglish because there are certain slangs that can not be translated, but ughh s, I do not understand what these people ugly
0	My brother just told me to stop talking Spanglish i trying xdxd
0	All my best amiguis speak Spanglish re but I can not my speaking is so bad that ended up passing sentence, the better I continue with my Spanish
0	I really don't like math  or Spanglish
0	the spanglish came over me  sigh  I just wish I could speak spanish fluently  so I could talk to my gma  and gpa   goals! goals
0	i wanna study with u  mentiraaaa! spanglish xD
0	hahaha I and Spanglish sry that something happens donot notice that something this bad x
0	It is time for me and my bad Twitpictear Spanglish aaw
0	Did you know that Twitter is no longer my Spanglish?
0	JUmmmm just listen and Spanglish and apart is the same loba
0	Or my twitter is no longer Spanglish! It has become an American to 100
0	I used to answer her in spanglish or english but when I got older I lost most of it
0	i love talking spanglish if i do it back home no one understands  learn some fucking spanish
0	They should be avail this week! RT when are you guys getting new spanglish shirts in for small your all out
0	when are you guys getting new spanglish shirts in for small your all out
0	just offended the hispanic american couple behind me by speaking spanglish
0	jder with Spanglish and ritmillo like all previous
0	yeah, my iPhone don't speak spanglish
0	RT El stupido photosynthesis!!!! Grr  Pardon my spanglish
0	Grrr I hate it when spell check goes Spanglish on me
0	Tickle, gbsa at RT Ga d Bole Exit cm MA2 bey RT Knapse cont
0	Oooo kirain speeaaakkkk halah RT RT knapa hahahahaa your monthly pain
0	I think I cussed in Spanglish lol it is swollen bruised and bleeedy scabby
0	RT caliphs no longer going to see my chicane and I will not give him love and kisses in Spanglish AWWWW
0	I have not tweeted almost think either Podre Today! Baaah! but i love everyone Hahah Spanglish! B
0	hahaaa bodor, there storehouse kaleee, missed the market on the bottom deck bukansi name eh ?, jerky baladonya
0	Sorry if someone annoys the hodgepodge of languages ​​not me if I do not I get noms Spanglish unintentionally
0	I Love Spanglish Very stylish
0	To which respondere Spanglish "Watafak? See you there, che has left me the metro"
0	aw ' p I know D porque I changed my number o D I tried texting you from my new but no response
0	Noche Buena with la familia! I'm so incredibly tired after sleeping only 5 hours Pero whatever!
0	LUCKY! My Spanglish friend isn't fluent
0	I didn't like it  I thought it was stupid  Better Sandler movies are "Funny People", "Click", "Spanglish"  "Grown Ups"
0	I hate talking in Spanglish  now I don't know how to talk in proper Spanish!
0	si le gusta pero   pero   no one taught me when i was little i can only understand it  i speak spanglish very well tho D
0	RT Spanglish of scares me xD
0	Shakira crazy is niche even in English, that's an ugly man dem Spanglish xd
0	for once in my life i miss my nunu brothers and the spanglish that make up our lives     where in the world are they?
0	I miss you all too!!   ' P S  Best hashtag ever
0	to the opinion that the only one, everybody sing a version in terrible Spanglish
0	Because of I Speak Spanglish is not fair
0	Then your hate and me ?? it makes me sad P RT can not stand Spanglish!
0	Spanglish much, but llamala not! RT type concerned about but do not tell the gringo as
0	Aww  Good luck, study your spanglish hard! D
0	Please, come to Venezuela xD
0	Spanglish! Not twisted ankle is sprained D I learned to ill in hospital
0	HAHAHAHAH keep on dreaming rockstar is the closest Pitbull, with its shared Spanglish, or that Oh you poor thing
0	majomenos jajajajjajaja one pod crazy and you never want to come or RT Spanglish
0	Spanglish that Lol RT RT aw mad, not good my love
0	I will speak spanglish for the rest of mi vidaaaa
0	My cat is so PINCHE, se duerme on my back
0	Hahaha, I hate the new Facebook profile RT speaks Spanglish "Pico and Stephany Jos Carrera now Have the new profile"
0	My time has not given me, I have me go now! Mine too is without seeing it I almost half the film Spanglish xD
0	I speak Spanglish with someone i miss it D
0	in spanish       i tweet mostly in spanish  some english and spanglish at times  hope u dont mind
0	I deserve that  Can I still use spanglish when necessary?
0	I need cnco stans spanglish mutuals bro
0	and Spanglish is xq Ahab in my life that's not poor
0	but it bothers me and I speak Spanglish three languages
0	That is gaining disappointment that cupcacke sure have been influenced by the pajua people who always writes in Spanglish
0	Spanglish has become so normal for me corduroy I do not see him "uncomfortable" if someone change language in the middle of a tweet it makes me so Wildcrafted read
0	Because they write in Spanglish, it is uncomfortable
0	ay Chiques we seem Guti pure Gut speaking Spanglish
0	i've been practicing a spanglish song to sing to my bf cause i thought it'd be romantic and even though i'm saying the spanish words correctly i feel like a doofus saying them and idk why so now i'm embarrassed and considering giving up  yo hablo mal espaol
0	He is not talking with me? Jajajajajajajajajaj I do Spanglish
0	I wanted an answer to your Spanglish
0	JAJJAJAJAJAAJJA just write a sentence in filthy gringo Spanglish that must be screwed laughter jajaj
0	More than six months ago that salt colsentera maquila and never Dej my language Spanglish
0	I was dying and t questions because Spanglish
0	I was watching videos of my childhood Tell me why spoke Spanglish at 7 years and no one deca me how things decan in Spanish when I asked xale mir me very sad
0	Uh, I'm tall straw that drives me crazy your Spanglish and issues estn not so bad either, it's the love of my life?
0	Breathing, blinking and shining my beautiful face serious and Christmas My brain Espaol Ingls Christmas Spanglish Navimas My brain ajajajaja Also my brain Espaol Ingls Halloween Halloween Halloween Spanglish My brain Aw My face
0	Learning french it's kinda hard because my mind is always thinking in Spanglish
0	Oooh, then Meridarks and that's very Spanglish xd
0	Name Reo From U S Languages Spanglish homeboy dont know how to speak anymore lol Height LOL Birth month October Sign Libra Sexuality Bi Piercings 14 getting more soon  Pets none at the moment  Rules if you see this quote with your answers
0	I like when you're like most facho in Spanglish, duck
0	She I can not sleep I want to watch a movie? She liked me, but I wake up in five hours I Okay, then try to sleep listening to relaxing music she not want to stay with you for a while ms 1 is very stubborn 2 I love your Spanglish
0	Or here is that Venezuelans will end up speaking Spanglish so to Puerto Rico?
0	Hahahaha ai is that if I talk a lot Spanglish, an apology
0	It knows when he will return the account?
0	Armando told me pocha to speak and write Spanglish
0	But Im of several European and Native American Ancestry  What of me? And I can only speak English and Spanglish  Im lost and alone and dont know where to go
0	mobility, el spanglish I are getting hard
0	Ajaja sorry but s because I read your tweet and immediately I remember Spanglish Sofa Vergara
0	Hahaha do not mess with my Spanglish q I live in panama and half the time I speak English
0	learning spanish is so cool until you start speaking spanglish and no one understands
0	And they were so patient with my garbled Texan Spanglish  My teacher told me they came to make sure they took home any food their kids did not eat  "Most of them have cereal for dinner, if anything " 2
0	Mira aqui you little shit, tenias in maldito trabajo, and that was to never make revivir mis dias speaking Spanglish, and now I'm all estressado
0	okis, it is that many people have attacked me Spanglish and aja not want to sound like answering attacked a hug
0	He says I'm fresaa for speaking Spanglish
0	name claudia from mexico language spanglish jajaja ni s hablar espaol alv height idk?? birth month july sign cancer sexuality bi piercings i wish tattoos I WISH pets I WISH x3 if you see it do it
0	i hate bandwagons but name jane from the monster under the bed languages spanglish, french height 4'10  birth month november sign scorpio piercings basic ear piercings pets two dogs and a fish named steven
0	name Raiza Nathaly si,es real from Venezuela pero ya me aplatan languages espaol, venezolano, dominicano, spanglish machucao height 54 birth month abril sign Aries ? sexuality straight piercings 3  dilataciones de lobulo pets  if you see this you HAVE to do it
0	Nuestro spanglish es el best xD won't ever listen to us  and it really sucks
0	RT whole time I'm in a Spanglish lately, but bad
0	I'm hungry my n stomach is speaking spanglish
0	I want Carlos Vela playing otra ves With Mexico !!
0	PTM! To come to a kind of Spanglish I missed
0	Should get out bed to sweep and mop  I want to blast my music though! En la madre mi iPod is dead   Spanglish at its worst
0	osh you're mocking my Spanglish?
0	Spanglish as you began to speak as I feel I can not help but fanfare
0	i dont know  but yo te aviso jaja
0	It has not come! RT Yu Haf to EME, GO rai nao
0	Spanglish to cuantooo do not like
0	RT stu Every day talk more Spanglish
0	RT Every day I speak Spanglish more
0	Haaay nooooo! then tomorrow do not veeo mocoos? ! I'll miss you in the kind of Spanglish
0	Spanglish remix of How to love I do not like so much
0	Staying home on a Sunday night  it's going to be me time slowdown Sunday  I miss Sunday slowdown wine nights with
0	hahaha you know one Spanglish! I'm glad! Well, in the same hg house, hg hahaha
0	Love Spanglish  I actually thought of her but remembered her being so cold and mean  but she also was quite the runner!
0	as esot I say in Spanglish ???? "I LOVE THE BRAID" !!!!! He was 10 !!! Too bad we no longer saw the end
0	Why can't America have a solid language  I fucking speak fluent Spanglish , sign language, Chinese, the whole 9 yards
0	Holaaaaaaaaaaaaa! back, I miss you and I need to talk to you so badly Spanglish Te quierou
0	noooooooooo 'my friend with whom I speak Spanglish to
0	A letter in Spanglish good of a person I want muchiiisimo! Renacu graaaciiaaaas que bella eres !!!
0	I am very hungry fancy a baguette like the movie Spanglish fart but nowhere do I know
0	ugh nooo jesus deleted his twitter now who's gonna tweet me in
0	Haha yes ! Lol that's all I speak lmao! RT Lmao!!! Spanglish RT Tengo Hungry
0	Noc I'll take the Spanglish ahahaahah
0	Oh thats suck   Idk talking to you lol  We speaking Spanglish 3
0	Spanglish exists that ladilla S
1	RT If sharing classes with pronunciation of the Spanish Selena Gomez for a Spanglish
1	please don't talk to me in spanglish bc that's just ugly and I won't ever talk to you again
1	S pq not give me we for speaking Spanglish, I am the most unicornia depressive TL
1	They may give us a preview of the project small Spanglish D Please!
1	Share of market, up selling and cross selling Spanglish in advertising talked a good nice
1	Looks like iOS 10 will let me freely speak Spanglish
1	Totally true D LIVING IN THE when you return to your officer and becomes the "Spanglish"
1	'Spanglish', always reminds me of my dearest friend
1	But as cool Inspirador, fun and exciting, despite the Spanglish
1	If you do not like Spanglish, you will hate me
1	iPhone users can now type in Spanglish, among other combinations  D
1	english please, at least spanglish? Hahaha
1	spanglish and ASCII code rules mi'ja p
1	Perfect truth! I like when making music in Spanglish! I love your voice and style
1	Holaaaaa love KNEE, NAUFRAGO and we already know ME AND ENTER and Spanglish Thanks for the greeting recorded
1	i need your Spanish skills Megan Boemio !   watching Spanglish film
1	Hey Hey, I tweeted to Spanglish, lol But s, P is funny patticamente
1	and thx to my girl pals thx for understanding my spanglish and loving jesus with me
1	Spanish pop, pop in English, Spanglish, poquita band, bachata, and I think it regeton
1	Thanks for following, follow you back soon
1	depending on the point of view of each not consider it as t s
1	My first language is Spanish, but I speak English and Spanglish too
1	Mexicans really tell me pay full Spanglish also like Lemon Foot
1	thanks in Spanglish then, the first musical in Spanglish in Lima
1	Totally  It's called Spanglish, xD  You take the horrible spanish verb conjugation and you smash it into English words D
1	I'm to the point where Spanglish has taken full effect and I can no longer speak English NOR Spanish well because it's always a mixture
1	Of course! We love the Spanglish thank you for contributing!
1	I would not lack joy but a pair of tits like yours P
1	I like that I already speak in Spanglish and because I am
1	Do not forget Spanish too, my friend my dog knows Spanglish
1	this is the new era there is "Spanglish" so there "frenlish", for example when I say "moiself" you told your mom I say "hello growing mom, I adore you"
1	stitchers Women Brooklyn, CafconLibros Thursday, November 21 between 6 and 8pm 25 00 make your embroidery and take it home with materials Spanish or Spanglish talk p read more about the event
1	You should have learned some Spanglish in PR first
1	When you are bilingual and you order tacos in Spanish but the cashier is also bilingual and now this is Spanglish D
1	cojones even if you'd spelled it cajones, that's Spanish for drawers   Another fun Spanglish mangle hombres is dudes hombros is shoulders, hambres is hungers
1	More horrible than Spanglish voice to the format a Mac from 0? I do not think D
1	Kid Frost, "La Raza" and Mellow Man Ace "Mentirosa" were way better Spanglish raps!
1	The day has finally arrived!! Today let us all honour your brother, environmentalist, animal right defender, actor, musician and most importantly, family member  Let us celebrate his life and legacy, so he may inspire future generations, like me
1	Such a talented family! I am positive River would have been very proud of all of you  "In the Corner Dunce" is a song I listen to whenever I feel down
1	Kay, what it your Spanglish Phil mentioned on the pod the other day?
1	it sometimes results in insertlanguagelish  For me, it sometimes because Heblish, or Spanglish  P
1	But it can be interpreted as supporting the other nationalism had hung a "white flag" Of course not distingua what was a pillowcase P As the "tune" with a message in "Spanglish" but does not function as I symbol
1	I've gotten really into digital art  It's also a nice swap from the writing kinda mind  And I decided to start an Etsy shop with my designs  It's mostly LatinxSpanglish centered art  I'll be adding more over the next month, but for now, here it is
1	english and spanglish i kno some words but i suck at keeping up convos p nobody taught me how lol
1	This comes from the Spanish term, "picando te la cola", picking your butt usually said in reference to someone doing something they aren't supposed to be doing  Y'all Spanglish mofos ain't slick  Mexicans have been using this term for years
1	isabel and I always hablbamos Spanglish bc it cool was and some teachers did not understand the english language so q can talk about what q is when and tenamos very good arguments and plticas, you strange year, I think q most of my tweets are about you p
1	Maybe in time  With your imagination and lovely drawings I think it would be a very nice book
1	I have bootlegged movie Spanglish subtitles on my mobile D am happy man ms the world
1	omg yes i do my mother is born in Spain but as states, crec hablano a mixture of Spanglish so I would not do very well when I'm writing and my overall grammar is
1	Right now I saw a video of a guy who shat deca people who speak Spanglish JAJAJAJA Goey, I speak Spanglish always, but not as exaggerated as I am p type Well, I think global warming
1	I think it's best to 3, but is not that I did Spanglish D 'xD
1	Add San Jose, Costa Rica to your list too! There is a lot happening here and your voice would be much welcome, in English or in Spanish Or in Spanglish!
1	grammar nazi detected in P if you use slang Spanglish P cual ms of cancer?
1	hey since you are playing french and spanish songs before your shows, any chance you can add our Spanglish song "Tin Cans" to the playlist? haha
1	I work at the keyboard, took a few days listening to the whole discography of 1, 2, 3 a country loloeeeee LaIII little step forward Ricky Martin Mara Spanglish Video Remastered
1	as if anyone would care about you  but seriously, more fearbased thinking, you're simply too afraid for freedom  What you are actually saying is that YOU will start behaving like the walking dead without government, and it will be a short experience for you, because defense
1	Camilo Romero s, your Spanglish not I begin to believe that the strength of the political change comes from the south Deberamos forget Fajardo and Petro s s s !!!! President!!!!!
1	Jajajajaj in Spanglish, good luck! D
1	"Safi24461 Get just enough Spanglish 3" thanqqqqqq
1	If i mix Spanish and English, would it be Spanglish? D
1	That is an offering, it is one of the ways that cats have to dedicate your love
1	I just saw "Spanglish" for the 1st time tonight  I LOVED IT and I pray I meet a guy like Mr Claskey someday xox Thank you
1	Just spending some qt with my uncle and abuelo
1	sing more in spanglish please D por favor D and follow
1	Me gusta your Spanglish  you all can use the textbooks which contain all of the vocab lists
1	I just heard Van Buren's voice saying "Spanglish!"
1	fine one tankard for my Spanglish
1	hahaha ok ok nia is you just as p haha ​​xD I like your Spanglish as I liked my master also haha
1	Heck yeah! You can help me evolve my Spanglish into something more discernible
1	One of those bakam kamo El Spanglish
1	Don't mind my spanglish tweet p
1	thank you very much for tolerance of Spanglish a language unto itself
1	I love your magazine, please put Spanglish Problem D
1	Language I tell you I LOVE YOU !!! I LOVE YOU!!! Or TreviInglish or Spanglish esta chido truth
1	lusho ready then and if you know whether we Spanglish well slit anger and I guess you carry boots D
1	I said some time I q superencanta send voice notes in Spanglish with ????? See you tomorrow churrita
1	dejenme criticized me for my Spanglish !!! And get to dance Happy conmigoouu !!! D the stoning
1	bu arky hatrlayanlar  Las Ketchup  The Ketchup Song Asereje Spanglish Version Official V
1	What language must answer it? Spanglish? Engrish? P
1	816  thanks for not laughing when you heard me talking "Spanglish" today lol   I think you're really cool  nice
1	I need to work on my Spanish, when I talk to clients I use Spanglish
1	This s my life is 3 D Come With Me Spanglish Version Ricky Martin
1	Spanglish by ac in Boston Puff
1	I look forward many in Mexico, I love you! 3 I love his "Spanglish" You're the best! D
1	go for it P haley n I r watching Spanglish
1	Your Spanish is very Good!  the Song is amazing!  Great Featuring!
1	I love being bilingual, Spanglish is the shit! D
1	Lots of armor from my car friends in Espana!
1	PIC Ryeowook at Sukira  Cr mi870621 Va It's all about Super Junior Spanglish
1	My Twitter account is Becoming International and Multilangual  Txs Everybody, I Tweet in Spanish, French and FranSpanGlish
1	You're welcome! Did you like my Spanglish? haha He says that playing poker relaxes him  helps him focus
1	Making new friends  Casa Central, PUCV
1	i see a pattern in other shows where the latino characters are  always mexican  always ALWAYS speak cheesy spanglish seriously, no one goes around talking like i love mi familia, my family  stop it please
1	In Miami we have something called "Spanglish", interesting mix of Spanish and English for us in South Florida  Perhaps she can figure out it's origins and ways to get rid of it! LOL!
1	Thanks again for the article! You speak spanglish and here in Brazil we speak portunhol that's portuguese with spanish and we all understand each other when it comes to Juliantina D
1	Thank you! Our Spanglish is killing us!
1	Good one  I would deffo get somewhere in a warm country  And brush up on my Spanglish
1	Doing some Overwatch today on Stream  Gonna be a spanglish stream with my friends
1	"Ahuevo" Spanglish may be considered "an egg to egg", as there just to do Ful Inglish Otsea, "an egg" From nothing
1	But now that I look at them on the other skin tones, I agree that Maria is a better choice than Spanglish  definitely post the final winners!
1	One day we can talk more about the topic in spanglish?
1	I promise you not all Puerto Ricans talk this way  The Spanglish be better than this
1	Check out Some OW games ! SPANGLISH Stream SUB BUTTON LIVE !
1	Also the full professor hates me because I said no I learned a damn english language in school work is the inglsspanglish in PR and I learned that listening to music because that s me interested
1	Libertad Lol As if Trump followers want to see Spanish language in a tweet from the White House Either put the entire tweet in Spanish, or use Liberty Spanglish just makes your look tonto
1	In fact I think Spanglish is my native language, when you want to compare SAT scores, Miss Traumas
1	I can vouch for the boozy cocktails Dalila's on Spring now open with Caribbean Inspired cocktails and Spanglish eats via
1	I invite you to read my last publication, especially tennis curious about Spanglish
1	Hello, Eva Thanks for answering the movie I refer is "Spanglish" with Adam Sandler Q But that does not give anyone missing cling to their luggage as did Ben Stiller! Wish him a great trip to your mother for me a hug, Ndia
1	Hello Eva! Thank you for your Mencin Ests on both the political baggage "isijet" to tell your mother or asked for help Adam Sandler? P I leave you more info on the subject Greetings, Ndia
1	From 38 to 32 31 waistline! Si se puede con Quick Weight Loss Centers ALL NATURAL! 8559248446 se habla espanol Spanglish English Katy, Texas in Katy, TX
1	Another time then  I'll save him a Mickey
1	Please tell me is in Paris! I want to meet him  If he is he could come to Disneyland where I work
1	I forgot to say is written in Spanglish  !!
1	Never heard of this person but I'm liking the beat  and spanglish version
1	Check out Finishing Dying Light Story  SPANGLISH Stream SUB BUTTON LIVE !
1	Harta people have me painted perfectly and walk criticizing even his own family Fjense Nobody is perfect baby in and stop bothering you, thanks Spanglish mood
1	PS years ago the Catalan friend drove to see the film in the cinema in Lj Mambo Kings or something of the Cuban brothers who emigrated to the US in a totally bleak scene is howling because of the language, the Cuban Spanglish to folks is not clear, it mal bad, me in your memory forever
1	I've seen all Adam Sandler's movies many times, including 50 First Dates and Spanglish
1	It's nice that a celebrity actually takes the time to give us advice
1	Check out RE OUTBREAK  SPANGLISH Stream SUB BUTTON LIVE !
1	I love people who speak Spanglish natural, those who strive to speak and listen ridculos, give me shit hueva mother and me
1	Check out Apex  SPANGLISH Stream SUB BUTTON LIVE !
1	JAJSJAJJSS I like it too when you use Spanglish is so chistosito
1	Nice spanglish D  Can't really explain it in a few words  Yeah, I found the EU expertos  Thanks!
1	and spanglish not forget Spanglish p
1	The same is forum is the tower of babel, Spanglish, italianglish, franchutenglish japenglish's funny, but we understand p
1	jajaja Ok, just wanna make some nice spanglish  Ole t coo then
1	Okay Brune Then how old are you? Hahahaha I do not like my name but if our ace Spanglish queee
1	Wow nice!!! I love so much this song!!! Me viene el alma al cuerpo when I hear it!!! Spanglish
1	Hi, I'm the Jaguar Maybe I will remember for phrases like "The winners never speak Spanglish" and other no less successful
1	Your Spanish is good Amy you could try speaking Spanglish Spanish mixed with english till you get more comfortable
1	idk maybe with english Spanish or spanglish D xD
1	Do you Like this Spanglish tribute? P
1	Go to a pub, order a beer and being served a bear Spanglish mode D
1	That Spanglish ah! Hahaha Knowing that the mission is worth the wait D
1	That's how I am with Spanish  Spanglish for the win  D
1	Your spanglish is really bueno D RT Give me Jarabe for the gripe
1	Muchsimo he hated to speak Spanglish and suddenly boom !! Was you and you do not hate
1	many in the US only speak "Spanglish" If we continue like this come 'to be a language other
1	Haha, I know right!? I always have a terrible case of "Spanglish"  P
1	what of 'retweeting' sounds really love it!
1	Clearly she was doing spanglish by saying "la friends " P
1	Because English is your Primary Language! Otherwise wise you'd be speaking spanglish instead
1	Note to my dear I tweet in "spanglish" sometimes English sometimes spanish  Hope you're ok with that  Thanks for connecting!
1	Great poem!! I made one, and apparently the application can make a sonnet with tweets in Spanish and English Spanglish
1	I appeal to my Spanglish P
1	What kind of mother you? Spanglish sharing a Mommy!
1	the CVs in Spanglish do not go if you're using for that P but all say the same thing in the background
1	Indeed, dear Never again rather Spanglish in da house!
1	I like my Spanglish writing? Galaxya P seh, I am as H
1	loves how the characters on break into Spanglish frequently  Even desis do that with UrduHindi, we just have no term 4 it
1	Spanglish confirmed see it when you have time or if I do not win laziness P
1	Hi, buenas tardes, Winners! The originally Espangls Spanglish, the junction of Spanish and one Inglês
1	I love all your movies!!! its difficult to choose a favorite but spanglish was very funny like me learning English
1	got both the spanglish and spanish version of por favor and of course boom boom
1	Thats the Spanglish Version  Released simultaneously
1	I'm not talking the Spanglish version
1	Combo made in nerd  geek heaven! n D thanks for keeping a dream
1	You look! 3p "Photo Indita"! v XD Parlando Spanglish During Construction 3
1	The Spanglish version isn't that bad but the Spanish is way better
1	Gak gak D listening to The Ketchup Song Original Spanglish version Asereje
1	Yeah! Si escribo 'a veces' Spanglish p es para que mis "Friends" that just speak in english may learn some Spanish p
1	Translation Spanglish Very crooked you think is good nazer D just does not know when to speak their language What an idiot
1	The first time I read the title of the movie without using Spanglish, look ust D
1	I learned Spanish, Spanglish even, in Gib  'with felicity' was my first thought in hopes to remember the word
1	OH sweetie you do that for me as well, besitos, mas always mas  Spanglish meaning more alway more
1	Spanglish! It happens a lot in Latin American people living in the US, and also weirdos like me who like to practice English mixing it up p
1	In my family, we all text in spanglish
1	Would you mind following These hermanos are doing something awesome for the church  And I'll be on tomorrow! D Thank you!
1	When I Played HERMOSA Beautiful Spanglish version liked my brother now On Repeat
1	The beautiful Spanglish! Just the sun is behind the clouds
1	Are you weak up? En mi spanglish, so sorry, my president, helps us, you are a vissionary, like me
1	Mi amigo Mexicano utiliza tambin, dice "I'd say that Latinx is not spanish, more like politically correct spanglish" p
1	Model D checked off, whats next?!
1	Hahaha he made me laugh the "all well with Spanglish, but seriously?" P lap I passed the Quinoa or Quinotto
1	Point to Antonio and his Spanglish D
1	And since 'some' complain about the 'Spanglish' begin to share "tweets" full english! 'Fend' eh! p
1	Did the evaporation of the Mediterranean trigger widespread volcanism?  In my perfect Spanglish,
1	Hahaha because you doubt that you love, or even interest you your life, but if you write in Spanglish p
1	it's softromantic here are a few songs Noviembre sin ti, Inolvidable, Ya Me Enter, Nufragos,Spanglish  There's more but just for now
1	Check out my latest cover to Sam Smith's "Too Good At Goodbyes" !  I hope you enjoy my Spanglish version!
1	Y porque no? From one who is guilty of thinking and talking in Spanglish D
1	But Spanglish do not understand a snobby Even so, congratulations
1	Mock Spanish rather than Spanglish  "No problema" is the Spanglish version
1	Yes!! We are the best of los mejores!!! Spanglish FTW! P You need learn some languages?? come to see us! run!
1	some website asked me  Languages spoken English, Eubonics, Flemish, Spanglish lulz P
1	So come here and you will fall in love with Spain  I will be your guide in spite of my bad spanglish
1	Extraaba your Spanglish Extraaba my friend Coldplayer estn The best times to come
1	I do what I can and when I screw up I think Spanglish Behind there is a person striving
1	In other words, Spanglish all over the place  kind of like when the family gets together
1	I if I want to put the da Someone pass me materialcompilacin trasfondstica AoS in Spanglish? D
1	yay made a quick loop and well this happened D
1	Tell me how much they mean to Spanglish ARG NEEDS P TWD CAST
1	Want to have fun with Call him Seor Presidente  Or El Jefe Donaldo  D It's the new Thoughts?
1	argumento  Eso big market pero it'll take time afsfsfdg spanglish'e dndler ahah
1	One of the many things I love about her is me Spanglish
1	Received this message from a highly "valuated" recruiter
1	Valley Spanglish is finally coming in handy
1	Increasingly worse Spanglish gives me something I'm learning
1	Ricky Martin  Come With Me Spanglish va  y B D 3 3
1	Ok, thank you  In that case I'll try to make an spanglish reclist, like Maika's D
1	I do not look like the photo Filofbica No talking dancing in your imagination Spanglish
1	Join LAE Madrid this for Spanglish Crash course in flirting  snacks and cava
1	February 12 part 3 Spanglish, Twitter and stuff, BetisVCF RT for dissemination D
1	February 12 part 2 Spanglish, Twitter and stuff, BetisVCF RT for dissemination D
1	February 12 Spanglish, Twitter and stuff, BetisVCF and more RT for dissemination D
1	I missed talking in Spanglish tbh, I hope again have more activity in the account
1	Sabado es bueno! Spanglish is good too! Enjoy un cafe al Troubadour and git yer bean on, amigos! Peace
1	i speak broken spanglish haha so it should be interesting
1	Gibraltarians it comes to speech, which get around in "Spanglish", the English spoken in English with no problem D
1	There is NO WAY Spanglish Club would be as successful as it is if it wasn't for your support!! Never enough thank yous!!
1	if you get fired, tell youre boss im a good ppl person and can speak fluent spanglish
1	haha love your spanglish D Thanks for your wishes D
1	Love this song D Ricky Martin  Come With Me Spanglish Version via
1	Spanglish is the best! Coffee con leche! D
1	ests all? I think we now Spanglish burger is brutal tb
1	cant believe it MMO came out while i was listen to music  Spanglish version lol Fui Fragil pero Ya NO!
1	Hello Ingrid, our app's name is a little bit like your Spanglish  Do you know dondeEsta Family? Have a great day!
1	RT I love how the Facebook "cantocgachingtontoo"
1	The way Mexicans describe zayn is the best and add in the Spanglish ahah
1	RT I love Spanglish say is net !!! Spanglish jummm !! jaajaja P
1	hahaha but excuse me Spanglish is not a cultural creme campen Suerte!
1	now i got where that Diamond Logo of come from from accessory during Impossible Spanglish Live show perf
1	The best language ever Spanglish  D Do not you think so amigos?
1	Spanglish Jaja is all included in our ppt
1	Your Spanglish says AIDS 3D hahaha me p jajajaajajaja
1	Oh lol well it's actually Spanglish it's pronounced "Jewlyer"  julier p  still don't know what that means
1	oh p that's cool I speak Spanglish
1	Toper bg hahhaa who say yes kk maximum Kepo p RT RT New Kak read it right for police mela bg Toper D
1	New RT p maximum Kepo read it right for police mela bg Kak Toper D RT chrisspangLish halloooo
1	Kak read this new right for police mela bg halloooo Toper D RT RT Halooo sister for police
1	I Spanglish Jajajajajaja misspelled part p
1	nikkigirlJPN Hi, Rudy  How many language can you speak? Me, only japanese   3,Spanish, English and Spanglish
1	My Spanish skills are kickin inn love her
1	buenoooo D Ricky Martin  Come With Me Spanglish Version va
1	pocholand, chicanos, spanglish  this is la locura
1	q My Family Sing Your songs and try to restrain myself to listen and imitate your Spanglish is priceless AsJkAsJkA P
1	Crazys those who speak Spanglish type all fall time for me bc seem Mongolian ass
1	my spanglish was THAT BAD, it drove you back to School work!! I am the CURE for A D D  P
1	no i speak spanglish very fluently P
1	We are the authentic  originals Please we don't need no imitations in Spanglish sumerc  your worship
1	Yeah, I can feel your heart  Spanglish
1	Someday could Cimorelli do a spanish or spanglish cover? please D 3
1	Someday could Cimorelli do a spanish or spanglish cover? please D 14
1	and that of Spanglish is not mine takes practice P
1	eat sumthin' even  east is is spanglish for eat
1	hmm I wonder how would handle spanglish P
1	there is a keyboard layout for Spanglish? P to schedule fits me more english language
1	barza why I wrote that comes from Spanglish in which there is no D P
1	no problemo, anytime hehe am an expert in the misuse of language and Spanglish
1	shitless of laughter with "Learning Spanglish"
1	everybody is used to spanglish in the US
1	groserias? that grocery stores? P Spanglish not do more macho P
1	Leyendo 'Producing Open Source Software' en Spanglish gracias a works hard translating it
1	my iphone is already almost used to it, just write many things, say that speaks Spanglish
1	and sip D hehe the Pinky answer, do not hesitate cat and feline par excellence Just Miau is appreciated !!! D Spanglish lol pa q see
1	misogynist new post P, help me to reach 500 followers, Tell them your friends Spanglish
1	I love listening to the radio Puerto Riquea, Spanglish at its best D
1	Heh, s is true that has to do with Apple but not mandated by Steve Jobs but by my own will P speaking Spanglish
1	Yo tengo Stuff Ing mi closet that I need to throw away  Spanglish humor  Happy TG, I'm spending it at abuela's house today  D
1	gettin' ready for the spanglish class  today I guess we'll go to a supermarket for that  P
1	ha full speed translated I've NEN running otherwise quite a lot done and spanglish phone today
1	in a single sentence slang Spanish, English, Spanglish and greetings now because you're my hero P
1	would the spanglish for sandwich be sangwitch Damn I want to reply, but I'll just go delete one
1	I did an hour of Spanglish!
1	and no, you can speak Spanglish have a responsibility to inspire our people demonstrating good bilingualism
1	just blame it on your spanglish
1	which word? One of the spanglish cuss words I got caught using?
1	LOL! Le acabo de slam el door a Santini en su caravana D That felt so sweet  Wewt! Notice how I write in Spanglish when I'm pissed
1	Yo hablo un poquito espanol  4 years in HS and 3 in undergrad  I can actually form sentences  My moms speaks hood spanglish
1	New post that happiness has revived Spanglish geek
1	I speak Spanish to smaller tweet in Spanish is very difficil one is not correct Spanglish is a possibl
1	Man, that sounds like a great idea! Me and the girls just finished watching 'Spanglish' !
1	thinks me a sassy minx! Oh my, I have to come up w a good Spanglish Aztec Warrior Queen equivolent for you
1	Llegando del english piquinglish, translated to spanglish D
1	taaaaal with verbs that Spanglish P
1	It's even better while watching a world salsa championship with a Spanglish speaking commentator P
1	yeah maybe i wa thinking spanglish
1	the creation of the autoblog gives an error in Spanglish "Problems Communication with FriendFeed"
1	hehe sorry for the spanglish and sorry that you are not getting meat P
1	Hehehe, updating tweets and appears "Less than 5 seconds ago" Spanglish Well that's my Twitter
1	Leave the "Spanglish" such a garden does not like
1	This made me think of the beginning of "Spanglish"  If you've ever seen it, you'll know what I'm talking about  D
1	Wayway! Lemme help u get ur spanglish dictionary out! Lmao chonies  panties  RT chonies?
1	RENFE page you have the option of having it in Spanglish p
1	dinner french fries in the oven, be careful the intake of fats and then dip them in tomato sauce !!! D
1	i would like 2 listen your 1st single from the new cd in spanglish,i understand both languages  besos
1	Sorry, but I honestly Don't get a gram of what you said really sorry say it in spanish, It's ok dude! Or Spanglish! D
1	cya and again, congrats to Spotify and the list d twiteros Venezuelans, it rocks bigtime forgiveness for Spanglish!
1	You have not seen? Then hncale dente here! In inglich I Greengo Spanglish no subs
1	making? ah ya see why not do a single with two, including Spanglish? and well danceable
1	Spanglish Do a mix !! P RT English
1	in both languages or spanglish!! haha!! it's will be super great!!
1	can't decide so how about spanglish!
1	Spanglish just kidding! It doesn't matter you know it's gonna be awesome
1	Spanglish proud to be Latino D
1	I'd love to interview you if you're in Mplds during your tour  it's for a spanglish entertainment show  let me know
1	aww sorry! how do you feel? Spanglish love your tweets haha ​​btw, I no longer hurt my leg !! D
1	nena ese spanglish is awesome!! jaja P q bno q pasaste el JURADOOO! KARLA IS MY HERO I U MY SPANGLISH COUSIN!! p
1	Spanglish also works and is valid p
1	I'm rotting my brain with tv well its George Lopez nite, so I can technically say I'm learning sum spanglish
1	wana eye move already! Suddenly, now! this minute! no more like second! lol wooo Spanglish
1	Awgua o  me no speak Spanglish  or Spanish x
1	how was the birthday ?? haha ​​ohh well k hope because I always write in Spanglish muuaack D ?? haha!
1	I can speak spanglish  D  Hahaa  U can't!
1	Arrasamos in "Spanglish" in "portunhol" and "franchenglish" Bourbon is a Babel! LOVED IT!
1	In my Tweet number 100 I will talk spanglish!! Hahahaha I will try it haha P
1	Me encanta tu Spanglish  Reminds me of my Miami days
1	Edi speak Spanglish uuhhh ok !!! Total failure ha ha ha
1	yep! not that bad! at least I played the good vibes managers, and understand my Spanglish! I think haha!
1	And should be within, not dine blame him made Spanglish
1	liked Adam Sandler in spanglish   that was way better D
1	bon voyage  Pas Vega was more beautiful that hot  I watched Spanglish
1	thank you for abrazos gege uh, sorry 4the franglishspanglish, jeje!
1	Spanglish is also some
1	el luncho?????? Nice use of spanglish  enjoy!
1	beautiful liar beyonce it's the spanglish version so what??
1	RT as saabes 100 k ?? Im spanglish 90 mmm and xq is point !!!! Hahaha
1	as saabes 100 k ?? Im spanglish 90
1	Jajajajajajajajajaj! is that the variant Spanglish always confuses
1	OMG happisisima xD!!! We have our own latina account jaa I can practice my spanglish P Thanks Du for existir! que tal mezcla
1	Ohai  I'm awake  I also feel mucho better  Love my spanglish talk? I'm cool
1	siiiiii haha! D I love Chris, Amber and Dianna! haha sorry for my Spanglish, I'm used
1	Oh thats a good one hmm I'm out of ones thats about the only one I know l haha si
1	"Osea cresete a forest and get lost wey" yes its a word That always listen
1	i Can't Just You Speak Me On Spanglish, i Respond it on English
1	Love baseball! o como dice en Spanglish beisbol  RT you're a Marlin! P
1	I like talking in Spanglish  Esta muy fun
1	pure flowers D chécate interview in Spanglish Greetings!
1	Having a nice spicy Spanglish Paella
1	o lmao! "Your Spanish?! You speak Mexican?!" Ah ha! Yes, I'm Mexican and I speak Spanglish lol  Damn white girls  P
1	Today Spanglish prepare the sandwich !!! P
1	S awakening, breakfast and Watcheando the movie "Spanglish" D
1	Leave my spanglish alone! I had jst got up 4 goodness sake! A lot of English professors out der huh? Tsek! p
1	going for some water and then i'll watch "Spanglish" D
1	oooh I had never seen Spanglish D! Vere D!
1	perhaps because they say codear is a mixture type Spanglish code then tended to elbow, as twitteartuitear P
1	Spanglish as Spanish political,
1	have an epic time!! Be sure to practise your Spanglish!
1	as we are with some more sums months in Mandarin?
1	Happy on Tuesday as Monday! What you feel, you Attract
1	Happy birthday to the panda more Spanglish that conoc in my life
1	lol jonron is the best spanglish word ever P
1	yes just imagine 1 French  4 Spanish at LoL only nuria and tojor's girlfriend speak Spanglish  too difficult
1	I know p , but Spanglish is good
1	Djalo probably is doing as Spanglish, "Here's un Noob" D
1	SIII! Finally Saturday! At last we meet again in 1729 Humboldt Today Check in 22 to 22 30
1	They note in the Latin expressions and the Spanglish that appears suddenly
1	I'm not really into rap music, but I'm digging the Spanglish D
1	Por Favor Seorita Spanglish Version Remastered by Justin Nathanielsonon
1	to practice!! we can do without problem Spanglish AD
1	What inspired you to have spanglish in "Me  My Girls" and "Outta My Hands Loco"? Love you
1	Third, Spanglish has moral messages but not delivered to you as a spectator D mengggurui
1	The Spanglish can learn two languages ​​can learn two cultures also
1	your Spanglish sucks amix ctr
1	Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect  have a great Thursday  insight by
1	Eat this BayBond FanFic,  I wrote it in my best Spanglish! Don't let read it p shhhh
1	I've put in Spanglish so you would understand me Understand me? Esteban tone
1	JAJAJAJA but in Spanglish or not worth P
1	She translated the teacher did not improve anything My Spanglish D
1	Beto, Spanish, English or Spanglish in New Yol is equal Dodgers might be taken away fast Metropolitans are cold!
1	Breaking my "ansia" Keep calm, 2016 is coming
1	Notes in spanglishidiomas to discover ZvZ macro xd TLO Build
1	I speak Spanglish ! Senorita !
1	Very good!! Expressions Spanglish Spanish when we're pissed off as "Go fry asparagus!"
1	Bye bye Summer    via Las Ketchup  The Ketchup Song Asereje Spanglish Version
1	unless it is equivoc and mistakenly pushe him to the unfollow button? This Spanglish of the social networking medium rare is D
1	sorry guys, we only speak Spanglish now  No more Espaol  I want to be like you all  P
1	Haha I'd love to be a Spanglish teacher but I don't think they teach it any of the schools in Ireland D
1	What's up! Both Time! Now I will speak Spanglish, I'm rre awesome D
1	LOL, that's hilarious  I love that word, TWITERO! Viva el Spanglish
1	That's better xD RT RT correction "Remember D RT !!
1	listening to the Spanglish Version of How to Love and muii good !!
1	yei!!! To the end people!!!!!!! Pd Creo q pronto tendr un 360 spanglish  D
1	Come, come, I will always speak in Spanish, English and Spanglish! D
1	LOL  that is some good SpanGlish
1	Yeah I know, I was doin' the Spanglish version of job yob  Haha  P
1	Haha why I'm speaking spanglish D Lol
1	My tweeter is completely Spanglish, everything says in Spanish but the spelling check is in English I'm smart p
1	Aww i love use the spanglish 3 ahahaha es el mejor lenguage D !!
1	hahaha it makes me laugh with his Spanglish Chinese P
1	First "Life Is a Dancefloor" then "Cumbaya" after "Un Beso" and now likes singing in Spanglish! D
1	is inna is Spanglish! x
1	Lorenzo Spanglish is not "cool" !!! P and pennyroyal Not bad, but now happened, that I estrangis
1	haha now it turns out that lore speaks Spanglish! Hahaha
1	Via Spanglish as part of our daily soundtrack We Love Spanglish!
1	Hahaa yeah you should do it  It's not too hard to start with  I speak Spanglish more often in class tho lol
1	Haha yes!! I love Spanglish D D
1	Spanglish rap with Zoila would be a great hit!
1	everything right and your q tal? Well cn Spanglish haha
1	Of course, the Dominican economy is Armored was that said it in Spanglish D haha
1	Love the credits from the back of today's collectible "Msica Martn aka Dj Spanglish"  D
1	Facebook Tuenti has complex jajajaj out in Spanglish P
1	HAHAHAHAHA RT Spanglish alert RT Let's mix some stuff and Que empiece la diversion! DE
1	I would also stick to P RT Spanglish lol thank you very much! but it is even more Creole! Not I is YOCcs! LOL
1	She speaks Spanglish jajaRT True! Forgiveness that is chispote me P Thanks! D cont
1	Really? Thanks for clarifying, I have mirrors RT But you're not "I love my Spanglish, I feel so Sofa Vergara"
1	, You live to audition in the audition not use Spanglish Qu good! D
1	Talking to my cousin from Mexico, busting out my Spanglish
1	Today I bring a Spanglish q bueeenooo! LOL
1	to xq he is best She rocks her music is amazing max voice makes me pretty Hahahaha to speak Spanglish p
1	Happy new year a todos mis queridos friends and followers  Good Spanglish  And I am not drunk yet  Enjoy D
1	Wanda found a former Piwiiit suitcase RT Ayookk return, wesli, januar, belo Ngantook aq
1	Same greeting them smua RT MD 24hours with n, wesli EAT
1	MD 24hours with n , wesli  MAKAN
1	Let me find out! RT So nasty xD RT Maso P RT jeankrl0 Twittear en spanglish, es cantar como Aventura?
1	Pos I declare bachatero! Guitar weeps p "jeankrl0 Tweet Spanglish is singing like Aventura?"
1	x'D RT RT Maso So nasty xD RT P jeankrl0 Tweet Spanglish is singing like Aventura?
1	Based "Mnoluv 3108 Chogher time Jjjja !!!!! in Deo Mucha Risa Esu Jjja !!! Nash Vseselo Fine Zaza
1	Maso P RT Tweet Spanglish is singing like Aventura?
1	Here u cant walk on the streets night, too dangerous Yep, Spanglish in white people is cutteD for us is just uh, nono lol
1	oh lol stupid me, Spanglish totally got me  The 1st place I think is Cali but when I was 15 I so wanted to live in NYC D
1	5, Te falto spanglish p RT I'm fluent in 4 languagesSpanish, English,Sarcasm, and Profanity
1	I like to speak Spanglish by twitter asjajsda is fun talking to people who do not speak Spanish
1	Spanglish Many saben lo que es but can they understand it?
1	Ga aah ,,, Dy mmah bakal hv fun without me qha "iqhatessa Wahh, p RT gbsa sama Ga d bolein kluar
1	Ehh ugly if you're not for that day since ur t hit slapping at distanceP
1	I had not seen, that if "Spanglish" D
1	I do not fuck with me I'm just here vacillating RT for writing "Spanglish" in my tl D
1	claroo out there also may be one Spanglish version in ingless D
1	but I do not want you Sadd has even more Spanglish
1	I speak lots of languages! English, Spanish, Spanglish, Pig Latin, Sarcasm, etc  I speak Sarcasm the best
1	Well Abusadora Fantastica But I Speak Spanglish as Dora the Explorer !! D
1	ILovee how we all talk in Spanglish P "Ooralee, I think Im on my way to yuur casa" "Kool, Im just gonna terminar de arreglarme"  Crazy !
1	hahahah you spend a xq once all your Spanglish is not fluidoo hhahahahaha shibesh
1	N do u like? Awakens the magic in you! 8 D RT the Spanglish one
1	Yes! A bright mix of spanglish P
1	RT would be proud pc me I just helped a cyst by speaking 25 English 25 Spanish 50 spanglish yay! go Mel
1	yes sir, i do speak spanglish
1	p s  I luv Spanglish  Lol Have a very Happy New Year filled wall u desire!   Yes you have a mui bueno New Year's Eveo
1	Buenos Mornin ! We Speak Spanglish Ova Hea
1	p s  I luv Spanglish  Lol Have a very Happy New Year filled wall u desire!
1	omg i love spanglish it gets better every time P
1	I like talking and tweeting in Spanglish
1	Spanglish rules !!! lol Thanks D your icon is pretty jaldfks
1	haha xD If God Spanglish Luis and I spent yesterday and thought it was dead but hey bn already back D
1	Ummm  Im going to make an ass of u  ASSUme that means expensive?  RT mucho expensisioso
1	Ke ke biien biien hate isabel and I say in Spanglish xke I do not have much practice for prayer
1	Happy Monday that song you like more 'wachinweilear'? We, Tainted Love by Soft Cell We love our version Spanglish! D
1	hmm q linda eres! thanks the same thing I tell you congratulations for your perfect Inglés! sorry for my spanglish
1	talks in Spanglish a lot !
1	Still around here but now tweeting in both languages ​​say that I'm "Spanglish" hehe
1	watching Rafa presser from 5 years ago  His Spanglish has definitely improved
1	I'm listening to my Spanglish version against the music
1	Spanglish dong Spanish English p RT vit99Lorenzo Jerman dunk  p
1	spanglish p it's really good if you like romancedramacomedy
1	Hahaah you be a pasao !! You see I stick to Spanglish D lolz Haii ombe making tar aburrio xDD
1	hahaha spanglish! Oh yeah!!! Hahaha , have an awesome afternoon!!
1	lol I do not love your Spanglish! Talk to you later hear it!
1	are you studying english??? you usually write spanglish! D
1	The beautiful power to write in spanglish putos
1	Me encanta cuando Diego usa su Spanglish  I Love it when this lil dude uses his Spanglish  He cracks me up!
1	Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful wife,
1	I jjejje as sabees have plans tomorrow with civil war and Spanglish in my house and you ??? hehehehe
1	Ready? you'r my traveling partner today p hahah
1	if not also maknyoss difotoin rice cakes too
1	Melepasmu, ga mgkn also eat rice cakes do not you p RT difotoin Let me know Klo kta love to eat delicious! RT
1	If I can throw a bit of Spanglish into our conversations, you're already more entertaining than alot of my contacts  p
1	jajajja or would you say Spanglish P t understand me well in English and Spanish ??
1	a song in spanglish much love from Peru
1	Maybe hahahah What tests have, in all subjects? LOTS OF LUCK GUAPA xxx
1	JayyCee I Think It's So Funny When I Talk Spanglish You aren't chistosa
1	I Think It's So Funny When I Talk Spanglish D
1	good night sleeping all that well haha ​​haha'm talking in Spanglish Spanglish speak I'm
1	haha but pure spanglish xD and no more luckily learned me, I'll take my love serenade !!! Okey xD ajua not P
1	Te escribo en spanglish bc you know i'm stupid
1	it would be nice to visit the church,And Rosie is a great predicadora ,,,, sorry for my spanglish
1	Asmakimi I want to be well for your enjoyment  Rafa's spanglish is baack! Lol Rafa honey, you are always our enjoyment
1	I want to be well for your enjoyment  Rafa's spanglish is baack! Lol
1	Hahaha Spanglish  You're one of THOSE people! P
1	Good kind of Spanglish at the last minute
1	My mam says it was yesterday JUESDAY perfect mastery of Spanglish D
1	I leave on Monday at 3 am from Valencia, so haha ​​going to see in your Spanglish SESSION P
1	I love Spanglish Foursquare D
1	JAJAJAJAJA obvious that Spanglish is the xD wave sleep well
1	Spanglish is popular here, along with Portuol and Itaol  Swenglish sounds like fun to me!
1	Thanks for the Twitcasting! Me seguis? jajajaj spanglish como vos c we xD follow back ? xo
1	spanglish el gordo ahahaha P sunday will be
1	Iya nih Doain next epidemic behind deh D Eike wopp boarding gueh BPK factory donk om
1	hahaha I like Spanglish P Os as 2 man already !!!!
1	"KendallJenner this headache is no bueno!" Haha i love your spanglish
1	i love the spanglish Hoping for more! D
1	at the end we will have to discuss it all in Spanglish pa q did not understand !!!
1	jajaj q dir hcen staff hblando Spanglish ??
1	OK thanks  As natural as we're gonna get for Spanglish
1	Its embarrassing to be bilingual and know none of your kids cant even comprehend the second language you grew up with and thought they knew  Kids be speaking Spanglish and thats a no no from me
1	Puro Spanglish tuu, bjale three hairlines, I mean you get kind we know you're from the bby CIDEB, and if I'm loosening ests well when using Spanglish? HAHAHAHHA graciaas
1	Haha who said that? Everyone knows you're the real spanglish girl  x
1	Combine Spanglish in some of the wrong quotes   i don't know a lot of spanishspanglish memes but ill try
1	Talked, discussed, shared and enjoyed another moment of ogres B
1	Always I am going to speak and write in Spanglish Because I want and I like
1	And you Seorita Victoria I want dir Spanglish D and reason, is why not?
1	It is not strange to me as Spanglish in US, let me spellbound m
1	disculpennnnnn, brutal voice is heard 30 seconds repeating the same thing and saying nonsense like "Spanglish" thank you but go and pgalas then bad agradecidoooo
1	People who criticize me for my Spanglish s like I can not habalr good Spanish but thanks for recordrmelo
1	Thank you for memes to tag me in Spanglish and fat
1	buena morning! D check it on my
1	Bueno! You will understand some 'chilango' 'espanol' mixed in the book, some chats are better in 'Spanglish' !
1	Hahahaha S, but then he and flat seems to me s equivoqu But was Spanglish xD D
1	Spanglish is my favorite language D
1	I'll be streaming today at 8pm EST to be working on a new project, a rules engine and whether it will be mostly in Spanish good "Spanglish" because I can not help it
1	I do not know, but I think Spanglish P
1	That's it! That attitude is pa To see that we are not all about crappy
1	As opposed to the Spanglish currently airing on FS1   In defense of Jorge  his excitement and intensity is awesome
1	Can't believe one my best friends at work tried to lie to me  He told me that "Vaca" is how you say cow in Spanish  But everybody knows that cow in Spanish is pronounced "MOOchacha"
1	My paps just asked me to do the toast at his wedding morning I think you have not noticed I speak Spanglish plays today writing a speech overnight D
1	I am very alien about having something to say "AHRE" someone I know because newly to the first conversation and tir and Spanglish "xd p" Love me as I am or watch me as I go AHRE
1	Yeah xkcd didn't age well but at least passphrases increased security  One other trick I use is mixing languages in passphrases  Maybe instead of long hard to type pwds you adopt spanglish Germanic Mandarin passwords? ChorizoTacosareWundebarwithMao  dictionary that
1	Also a lot of people that are like this don't even speak proper Spanish either!! They speak mostly Spanglish
1	this is a fun facebook page that does that  plus other funny spanglish stuff D
1	dopo spanglish rominglish P roman slang  english P
1	Let's see if I rest family speak Spanish or in English because only confuse me with his Spanglish and just not understanding
1	Hello hola right now your speaking my language hold up let me show you this is how you talk in Spanglish
1	Patricio Navia, the so-called professor easy A at NYU Its brightness is making joke in class, that worshiper of Spanglish, eternal aspiring political candidate and licker social chorreo that produces the right the same does not see the benefit of Min Of Science
1	I can speak and understand spanglish and texmex fluently  I can get by on some English and some Spanish
1	Yes, its call switching in Anthropology I think it's dope even the Spanglish down here because you have to know both languages pretty well in order to mesh them and actually make sense
1	Havana Camila Cabello in Spanglish
